loki: implement queue_config for loki.write (#4788)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/loki/loki.write.md

### `queue_config`

The optional `queue_config` block configures, how the underlying client queues batches of logs sent to Loki.

The following arguments are supported:

| Name            | Type       | Description                                                                                                                                                                   | Default | Required |
| --------------- | ---------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- | -------- |
| `capacity`      | `string`   | Controls the size of the underlying send queue buffer. This setting should be considered a worst-case scenario of memory consumption, in which all enqueued batches are full. | `10MiB` | no       |
| `drain_timeout` | `duration` | Configures the maximum time the client can take to drain the send queue upon shutdown. During that time, it enqueues pending batches and drains the send queue sending each.  | `"1m"`  | no       |

> | `min_shards`    | `number`   | Minimum amount of concurrent shards sending samples to the endpoint.                                                                                                          | `1`      | no       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `min_shards`    | `number`   | Minimum number of concurrent workers sending logs to the endpoint.                                                                                                          | `1`      | no       |
```
Maybe we should also stop using term 'shard' and use 'worker'?

Author: I used the same wording that we do in [prometheus.remote_write](https://grafana.com/docs/alloy/latest/reference/components/prometheus/prometheus.remote_write/#queue_config)

> Each queue manages a number of concurrent _shards_ which is responsible for sending a fraction of batches to their respective endpoints.

Author: Same as [this](https://github.com/grafana/alloy/pull/4788#discussion_r2527199661)
